---
title: Version 2.1.2 of D2R Reimagined
description: Minor Updates and Major Translations Fixes
published: true
date: 2025-06-28T01:02:23.415Z
tags: patch 2.1.2, 2.1.2
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2025-06-28T00:01:34.662Z
---

## 中文翻译
2.1.2 补丁说明。


## Skill Changes
- Frozen Orb synergies reduced to 3% from 4%
- Blade Fury Ricochet down to 1 from 2
- Carnage Missiles reduced to 50% weapon damage
- Inferno Mana Cost Per Second reduced
- Update poison volley sound
- Remove Raven swooshy sound

## Recipes
Update Barilzar's Mazed Band to also require a rare jewel
>Now making it to make rare jewels isn't advised.

## Items
### Barb Skill Tabs on Items
- Change from Combat to Mastery & Throwing
  - Fallen Glory

- Change from Mastery & Throwing to Combat
  - Goreflood
  - Coaldark
  - Skein of Pain
  - The Meat Scraper
  - Bloodtree Stump

## Bug Fixes and Translations
- Fix Firewall Miscasts in small areas, the stairs in Arcane and a few reallllly narrow spots may cause a miscast here or there but it's much much less likely to happen.
- Fix Chasm Break Tooltip to show scaling damage bonus.
- Fix annoying splash sound
- Fix Mail of Askari runeword missing string
- Fix Akarat's Devotion runeword missing string
- Fix Francisca and Battle dart missing [X]
- Fix Missing String "Lilith's Crest"
- Fix Heroes Welcome missing string.
- Fix Splash Charm not always dropping like it should.
- Fix Rain Reimagined disappearing from inventory.
- Fix multiple rune translations for rune stacks that were generated incorrectly.
- Fix many Korean localization issues with translations provided by d3m3vilurr and [TodayGamez](https://www.youtube.com/@todayplaygame)
