---
title: Version 2.1.1 of D2R Reimagined
description: 
published: true
date: 2025-06-12T18:10:10.558Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2025-06-12T18:10:09.419Z
---

## 中文翻译
2.1.1 补丁说明。


## Splash Charm
- Added the scaling splash back to the earlier levels because the penalty wasn't balancing it out enough.
- Fix the cube recipe for splash charm upgrades

## Barbarian

Unstoppable Force
>Early game scaling was keeping this skill in 1-shot boss territory all the way to the middle of nightmare.
- Now gains 5% damage per level until 14
- Now gains 10% damage per level from 15-24
- Now gains 15% damager per level from 25+
- Increased delay per hit by 1 frame

Winter's Gambit
>The chaos is too chaotic. 🤣 This prevents the skill from targeting things off the screen unless you go directly vertical, and helps a bit with the targeting.
- Reduced target seek range from 20 yards to 16
- Reduce synergy from 10% to 8%
- Fix tooltip to show 75% weapon damage like it should

Chasm break
>Whoopsies.
- Fix broken timing, missile size, damage delays.
- Fix capping at level 20 with hard points.

Carnage 
- Missile damage reduced by about 25%

## Bug Fixes
- Fix 1H Weapon item upgrade 25% ED / 25 AR to use 5 instead of 10 for upgrade counter.
- Fix Nef Rune Stack visual only being a single rune.
- Fixed Countess and Summoner dropping each other's keys.
- Fix Fortitude runes being added to helm crashing game.
- Fix Madawcs Fury targeting requiring a nearby corpse on controller.
- Fix Blade Fury mana cost being double what was intended.
- Fix backwards strings on splash charm damage.
- Fix rune translations for krKR to properly indicate stack instead of ash
- Fix `"~Pick Up~"` text for all rune stacks and translations.
- Fix unstacked runes text, #s and pick up translations.
- Fix a few missing %%'s in .jsons I found.
