---
title: D2R Reimagined 3.0.3
description: A lot of minor updates with a few big reworks.
published: true
date: 2026-03-10T15:10:34.559Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2026-03-09T02:11:47.925Z
---

## 中文翻译
3.0.3 补丁说明。


# Herald Tiers

Swap heraldtier to correct row in itemstatcost.txt by swapping places with stacked_terror_key so it updates correctly

> Keys must be removed from keychain and the keychain discarded from all characters and personal and shared stash tabs before updating the mod to the new version.
>
> Individual keys in any location or stash tab are completely fine, the "Keychain" item itself must not be anywhere in the save file or the character/stash will not load.
{.is-warning}


# Terror Zones
- Heralds now tier up properly in name and loot and not just difficulty
- Herald spawn chance increased to 5% from 2%
- Frosty Harold's Holy Freeze damage has been fixed to not be 3x the intent.
- Act 1 removed Stony Field and Tristram
- Act 4 gained Stony Field and Tristram

# UI
- Add tooltip to unstacked runes showing Rune + ID = Downgrade and 2x Rune + TP = Upgrade
- Add Cows WP to Act 4 menu
      - This will drop you off randomly in the level instead of at the WP like others in the game due to limitations.
- Added localization support to all in game mod-added menus and buttons per community request
  - Rune and Gem properties were not included intentionally as it is a massive amount of work for very little text due to how they are built and will need to be reviewed in the future for better implementation.
  - d3m3vilurr for Kor translations
  - procrastinazn for enchant count next to base
- Disabled grabbers and storage items from the Chronicle though it's bugged at the moment, when it does work, those are just redundant.
- Fixed cold sunder text appearing too low on items.
- Add missing sound effect for metalHitsound in translationsettings.json

# Class Changes

## Druid

### Shockwave
- Removed stun

## Barbarian

### Battle Orders
- HP and Mana % changed from 1% per level to 2% per level

### Unstoppable Force
- Missile speed increased slightly

### Chasm Break
- Area of effect visual reduced to represent damaging area better

### Madawcs Fury renamed to Korlics Fury
- Cosmetic change to match the Uber Ancient elements

## Paladin

### Vengeance
- Skill reworked to operate differently behind the scenes.
- The AoE no longer procs CTC
- Finally remembered to add scaling to the base skill and remove some of that from the synergies.
  - 20 + 5 lvl, Holy Element Auras to 4, Conviction to 8

## Assassin

### Death Sentry
- Added magic mastery and pierce inheritance so it works properly.
- Swapped the sound on hit

## Necromancer

### Raise Skeleton Warrior/Mage
- AI adjusted to be more responsive to nearby enemies
      - Investigated and fixed by CantripN

### Life Tap
- Base Life returned % increased to 3 from 1%

## Warlock

### Echoing Strike
- Remove flat damage scaling entirely... really SnowCo?
- Cap Projectiles to 5
- Fix formulas to not be overengineered for their purpose.

### Summon Tainted
- Added Fire tag

### Death Sigil
- Added Fire tag

# Monsters
- Fix missing smith layout from custom maps preventing swords from spawning with him on one layout.
- Fixed ancients death skills not working
- Increased the damage of Madawc and Korlic's on-death skills
- Hell Beetle's death nova now deals more damage, has a larger radius, and deals no damage when close to the nova start point.
- Updated hireling monsters to restore some vanilla values when changes appear to be random experimentation at some point in the past.
- Reduced density in side areas affected by 2.2.0 boss testing merge

> Yeah this is popular but it was unintended and the mobs can't even move or barely defend, they are just loot pinatas, it was reduce the density or make them much stronger and flying.
>
> In exchange I have not reduced it entirely back to 2.1.2 but left is about 25% higher instead of double, in addition I have increased multiple other main and side areas.
{.is-info}

## Uber Ancients
- Personal resistance lowering auras penalty down to 150% from 200%
- Reduced Korlic's Blizzard damage by 20%
- Reduced Madawc's Thunder Storm damage by 20%

## Andariel
- Fixed her damage scaling for her added poison. (NM and Hell were backwards)
- Adjusted her spell skill damage curve so baseline is a bit higher and gains more damage with levels while returning the skill baseline level to 1 from 5
- Increased velocity of her poison spells by 20%
- Aggression distance increased 20%

## Arachnids (specifically Poison Spinner and Spider Magus)
- Reduced their poison duration from 1200 frames (48s) and 3000 frames (120s) to 400 frames (16s) and 750 frames(30s) respectively.
  - This was unchanged by the mod until now. Poison Spiders will be a little less dangerous.

## Diablo
- Spawns with friends

## Diablo Clone
> He is less of a push over now. You have been warned
{.is-info}
- Spawns with friends
- Created a Diablo specific Apocalypse spell for him to cast
- Adjusted his skills and their levels, added a Aura that reduces fire, lightning, and physical resists

## Tormented Sisters
- Adjusted their aggression range to match Andariel's

## Leviathan
- Base monster given a treasureclassex.txt entry

## Baal Fighter/Mage
- Adjusted aggression range

# Items
- Death's Fathom has a custom sprite
- Isenhart Chest and Helm have custom sprites
- Diablo's Scale has a custom sprite
- Removed Item Class name from items due to confusion(thanks blizzard)
  - Scepters were listed as Mace class, but aren't a mace for example.

### Change Summary
- Uniques: 1 added, 0 removed, 3 modified
- Sets: 0 added, 0 removed, 0 modified
- Runewords: 4 added, 0 removed, 1 modified
- Base Items: 0 added, 0 removed, 0 modified

### Uniques

<details>
<summary>Show Unique Changes</summary>

### Added
<details>
<summary>Sword</summary>


#### El Druin
- Base Item: Balrog Blade [E]
- Item Level: 80
- Required Level: 85
- Rarity: 1
- Properties:
  - +1-3 to All Skills
  - +10-20% to Lightning Skill Damage
  - +10-30 to Fist of the Heavens (oskill)
  - +100-300% Damage to Demons
  - +150-300 to Minimum Weapon Damage
  - +2 to Maximum Weapon Damage (Per Character Level)
  - +250-350% Enhanced Weapon Damage
  - +30-50% Increased Attack Speed
  - 10% Chance to cast level 30 Fist Of The Heavens on striking
  - Adds 63-500 Weapon Lightning Damage
  - Indestructible
</details>

### Modified
<details>
<summary>Colossal Jewel</summary>


#### Protector's Frost
- Base Item: cjw
- Properties:
  - Added:
    - 5% Chance to cast level 40 Korlics Fury when struck
  - Removed:
    - 5% Chance to cast level 40 Madawcs Fury when struck
</details>
<details>
<summary>Primal Helm</summary>


#### Halaberd's Reign
- Base Item: Conqueror Crown [E]
- Properties:
  - Added:
    - +2-3 to Korlics Fury (Barbarian Only)
  - Removed:
    - +2-3 to Madawcs Fury (Barbarian Only)
</details>
<details>
<summary>Sword</summary>


#### Harrogaths Last Stand
- Base Item: Colossus Sword [E]
- Required Level: 92 (was 88)
- Properties:
  - Changed:
    - +1.75 to Maximum Weapon Damage (Per Character Level) (was +2)
    - +150-200 to Minimum Weapon Damage (was +150-250)
    - 5% Chance to cast level 10 Burst of Speed when you Kill an Enemy (was 15% 10)
  - Removed:
    - +5 to Melee Mastery (oskill)
</details>

</details>

### Runewords

<details>
<summary>Show Runeword Changes</summary>

### Added

#### Demonspine
- Item Level: 47
- Required Level: 47
- Properties:
  - +1 to Warlock Skill Levels
  - +100-200 Defense
  - +20-25% Increased Attack Speed
  - +22% to All Resistances
  - +50-100% Damage to Demons
  - +50-100% Enhanced Weapon Damage
  - 10% Chance to cast level 30 Hex Purge on striking
  - Physical Damage Reduced By 7

#### Infernum
- Item Level: 67
- Required Level: 67
- Properties:
  - +1 to Warlock Skill Levels
  - +15-20% to Fire Skill Damage
  - +2-3 to Fire Skills
  - +20-30% to All Resistances
  - +30-40% Increased Attack Speed
  - +5% to Maximum Fire Resistance
  - +50 to Life
  - -10% to Enemy Fire Resistance
  - 7% Chance to cast level 40 Apocalypse on striking
  - Cannot Be Frozen

#### Ruin
- Item Level: 67
- Required Level: 67
- Properties:
  - +1 to Warlock Skill Levels
  - +15-20% to Magic Skill Damage
  - +2-3 to Chaos Skills (Warlock Only)
  - +22% to All Resistances
  - +25% Chance Items Roll Magic or Better
  - +25-35% Increased Attack Speed
  - +8% Physical Damage Reduction
  - 10% Chance to cast level 40 Miasma Chains on striking
  - Cannot Be Frozen
  - Level 5-15 Sanctuary Aura When Equipped

#### Umbral
- Item Level: 17
- Required Level: 17
- Properties:
  - +1 to Warlock Skill Levels
  - +100-150% Enhanced Defense
  - +15% Faster Hit Recovery
  - +2 to Mana after each Kill
  - +20% Faster Cast Rate
  - +20% Faster Run/Walk Speed
  - +35% Poison Resistance
  - +50-100 to Mana
  - -4 to Light Radius

### Modified

#### Armageddon
- Properties:
  - Added:
    - 15% Chance to cast level 20 Apocalypse on striking
  - Removed:
    - 15% Chance to cast level 20 Armageddon on striking

</details>

</details>

# Horadric Cube
- Shards convert directly into the next shard like grabbers
- Statue Conversion Added

```
Act Statue + Different Act Shard = Shard Act Statue
Act 1 Materials - Eastern Worldstone Shard & Talic's Anguish Statue
Act 2 Materials - Western Worldstone Shard & Korlic's Pain Statue
Act 3 Materials - Southern Worldstone Shard & Madawc's Ire Statue
Act 4 Materials - Deep Worldstone Shard & Bul-Kathos' Nightmare Statue
Act 5 Materials - Northern Worldstone Shard & Worusk's End Statue

eg: Talic's Anguish Statue (A1) + Northern Worldstone Shard (A5) = Woruk's End Statue (A5)
```

# Treasureclass
- Fixed odd drop rate decrease for orbs and jewelry going from N > NM > H
- Updated statue drop % from act bosses to 6% from 3% to match key bosses.

# Bug fixes
- Fix invisible particles for Comet
- Fix "Melee Mastery" applying to all weapons instead of just Melee weapons.
