---
title: D2R Reimagined 3.0.5
description: Elemental Druid update, A3 Mercenary reworked, Warlock tweaks, Bug Fixes
published: true
date: 2026-03-25T04:39:41.270Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2026-03-24T02:21:52.129Z
---

## 中文翻译
3.0.5 补丁说明。


# Class Changes

- Warp can now be cast on left click

## Amazon

### Glacial Orb Arrow
- Update NHD so all 3 novas can damage one target.
- Update Glacial Orb Arrow collision so that it can spawn on walls and impassable terrain.

## Barbarian

### Leap Attack
- Fixed leap attack not dealing AoE damage

### Tectonic Slam
- Made tectonic slam projectile faster

## Paladin

### Fist of the Heavens
- Now scales holy bolts with magic mastery

## Necromancer

### Poison Dagger -> Poison Strike
- Can now be used with all melee weapon types but wands/orbs

## Sorceress
- Teleport can now be cast on left click

## Druid

### Elemental Skills
- Removed cap/uncapped synergies and adjusted synergies and skill curves slightly to compensate and improve late game scaling

### Firestorm
- Damage increased to be a usable primary spell
- Gains additional projectiles and travels further with level
- Fixed tooltip lying about damage
   - Note: There is a slight discrepancy between char sheet and tooltip damage due to how accurate these calcs are for damage over time

### Molten Boulder
- Damage increased to be competitive with other options
- Fire trail should now properly deal damage
- Travels faster and no longer stops when hitting a large enemy
- Chance for knockback reduced from 50% to 10%
- Now uses a scaling mana curve

### Fissure
- Late game damage increased
- Now uses a scaling mana curve

### Twister 
- Damage increased to be a usable area clear spell
- Gains additional projectiles with level
- No longer gains stun duration from arctic blast
- Now uses a scaling mana curve
- NHD down to 10 from 25

### Volcano
- Late game damage increased

### Tornado
- Late game damage increased
- NHD down to 15 from 25

### Armageddon
- Overall damage decreased
- Fixed fire trail damage not scaling
- Now gains 1 second duration per level

### Hurricane
- Late game damage increased
- Now gains 1 second duration per level

### Summon Spirit Wolf
- Twister skill tooltip updated to reflect correct damage.
- Chill limit of the pet actions set to above where actions stop entirely.
- Base movement speed increased.

### Summon Fenris
- Firestorm skill tooltip updated to reflect correct damage.
- Chill limit of the pet actions set to above where actions stop entirely.
- Base movement speed increased.

### Summon Grizzly
- Pet damage growth has been placed on the correct damage type. No longer flat instead of %
- Curve increased slightly
- Shockwave skill tooltip updated to reflect correct damage.
- Chill limit of the pet actions set to above where actions stop entirely.
- Base movement speed increased.

### Solar Vine
- Removed bugged and unworking monster property

### All vines
- Added flying

### All Spirits
- Made 99% likely to run from enemies that attack them, can't do 100 because it breaks.

## Warlock

### Ring of Fire
- Level 23+ damage curve increased

### Flame Wave
- Level 23+ damage curve increased

### Ehanced Entropy
- Gains 1% magic skill damage per base level.
- Grants Miasama Bolt an extra projectile every 5 base levels up to 5 total.
- All skills relying on this passive for AoE and duration have been made into bonus growth instead of requiring base points.
  - Miasma chains and bolt cloud and duration and abyss size now correctly gain the bonuses the tooltip of this skill shows at the time it shows them.

### Abyss
- Base radius changed from 7-9 to a flat 8.
- Cooldown increased slightly up to 1 from 0.6 second.
- Level 23+ damage curve increased

### Blood Oath
- Update tooltip to reflect hardcoded 5 + (2 * base level - 1) growth for damage to demons.

### Summon Goatman
- Added splash bandaid until we can rework skills

### Summon Tainted
- Synergy with Blood Boil now works properly, tooltip shows the correct damage, and synergy is 15%

### Sigil Lethargy, Rancor, Death
- Radius increased slightly 6/8/10 at level breakpoints from 4/6/8 to better match visual.
> Making the missile itself smaller/larger breaks the visual so yay.
- Lethargy fixed tooltip wording

# Mercenaries
- All Act 3 mercenaries now have their own elemental enchant which also gives a small amount of resistance piercing
- This enchant does not stack with sorc's enchant 
- Each A3 merc now primarily casts fireball/glacial spike/chain lightning and occasionally a spell unique to their element that deal increased damage.
   - Icicle Barrage: A series of frost bolts form and are sent out in a wave
   - Fire Twisters: Several fire twisters dealing damage in an area
   - Lightning Nova: A lightning projectile is sent out that explodes into a small nova
- Improved A3 merc damage scaling for all skills
- Improved A3 merc skill level scaling for all skills. All start at level1 and will gain +1 level every other level (max skill level 43 at level100 before gear)

# Items

## Worldstone Shards
- Now useable in NM in addition to Hell but still only drop in Hell.

## Vendors
- Cleaned up random large number of duplicate potions
- Removed erroneous items from staff mod vendors

## Summary
- Uniques: 0 added, 0 removed, 11 modified
- Sets: 0 added, 0 removed, 0 modified
- Runewords: 0 added, 0 removed, 0 modified
- Base Items: 0 added, 0 removed, 0 modified

## Uniques

<details>
<summary>Show Unique Changes</summary>

### Modified
<details>
<summary>Body Armor</summary>


#### The Gladiator's Bane
- Base Item: Wire Fleece [E]
- Properties:
  - Changed:
    - 20-30% Increased Chance of Blocking (was 30%)
  - Added:
    - +30% Faster Hit Recovery
    - +500 Defense
    - Cannot Be Frozen
</details>
<details>
<summary>Crafted Sunder Charm</summary>


#### Crafted Black Cleft
- Base Item: cs2
- Properties:
  - Added:
    - -45% Magic Resistance
  - Removed:
    - -65 to -45% Magic Resistance

#### Crafted Bone Break
- Base Item: cs2
- Properties:
  - Added:
    - -10% Physical Damage Reduction
  - Removed:
    - -20 to -10% Physical Damage Reduction

#### Crafted Cold Rupture
- Base Item: cs2
- Properties:
  - Added:
    - -70% Cold Resistance
  - Removed:
    - -90 to -70% Cold Resistance

#### Crafted Crack of the Heavens
- Base Item: cs2
- Properties:
  - Added:
    - -70% Lightning Resistance
  - Removed:
    - -90 to -70% Lightning Resistance

#### Crafted Flame Rift
- Base Item: cs2
- Properties:
  - Added:
    - -70% Fire Resistance
  - Removed:
    - -90 to -70% Fire Resistance

#### Crafted Rotting Fissure
- Base Item: cs2
- Properties:
  - Added:
    - -70% Poison Resistance
  - Removed:
    - -90 to -70% Poison Resistance
</details>
<details>
<summary>Jewel</summary>


#### Heaven Facet
- Base Item: Jewel
- Properties:
  - Removed:
    - +25 to Life
    - +25 to Mana
</details>
<details>
<summary>Pelt</summary>


#### Leader of the Pack
- Base Item: Totemic Mask [X]
- Properties:
  - Changed:
    - Requirements Increased By 100% (was 50-100%)
</details>
<details>
<summary>Sword</summary>


#### El Druin
- Base Item: Balrog Blade [E]
- Properties:
  - Changed:
    - +150-255 to Minimum Weapon Damage (was +150-300)

#### The Grandfather
- Base Item: Colossus Blade [E]
- Properties:
  - Changed:
    - +150-255 to Minimum Weapon Damage (was +150-300)
</details>

</details>

## Cube

### 5 item unique/set recipe
- Now accepts a combination of any 5 weapon/armor pieces + ID tome instead of requiring matching bases.

### Sunder Craft
- Disabled affix left in place on accident that could cause them to roll level required 99

# Bug Fixing
- Fix warlock mana regen time frame to match other classes.
- Disable Hellfire from Chronicle as it isn't ID-able.
- Shadow Warrior/Master skill AI changes to reflect correct skill type
