---
title: Patch Notes - 3.0.0
description: Warlock DLC Support
published: true
date: 2026-02-19T18:36:10.132Z
tags: 
editor: markdown
dateCreated: 2026-02-15T16:49:45.032Z
---

## 中文翻译
3.0.0 补丁说明，包含 Warlock DLC 支持、技能和职业改动。


# D2RR 3.0.0 Patch Notes

Support for Warlock DLC + D2R 3.0

## DLC Stash Tab Support
> The new DLC stash tabs are supported with temporary place holders for mod items and will be fully reworked by Delegus sometime in the future.

> Due to new stash tabs having cube integration the cube's overall size was also reduced and fits nicely in the stash tab pages.

## Itemization Re-work (Uniques/Sets/Runewords Changes)

https://wiki.d2r-reimagined.com/en/Patch_Notes/D2RR_3_0_0_Item_Changes

## New Unique Charm and Jewelry Sprites

See [_#919_](https://github.com/D2R-Reimagined/d2r-reimagined-mod/pull/919) and [_#923_](https://github.com/D2R-Reimagined/d2r-reimagined-mod/pull/923)

## All Skill Icons Reworked from Scratch

See [_#944_](https://github.com/D2R-Reimagined/d2r-reimagined-mod/pull/944)

## Item Upgrade System Renamed to Enchantments

> Item Upgrade as a name was flawed and confusing. It has been renamed "Enchantments" now.

- Uber charms and other systems that need upgrades still say "upgrades".

## Rarity of Unique Rings, Amulets, Charms, and Jewels Tweaked

> The goal here is to reduce the rarity disparity that exists. A good example is the unique grand charm Nightshade had a rarity of 5 and all others were set to 1, so you almost always found Nightshade (this has been reduced to 2). The overall changes to rings means that items like SOJ will be slightly more common. Many chase items were left or reduced to 1 rarity, and adjustments to 1 rarity rings/amulets that did not fit there were bumped up.
>
> The jewel rarities had many at 1, and several at 5 which skewed the rolls. Now there are a handful at 2 and the rest at one. Primarily the elemental jewels that did not have elemental pen are set to rarity 2. Typical facets are left at rarity 1.



## Rarity of Set Rings and Amulets

> Same thing with the uniques. This primarily affects the set amulets that were rarity 1.


## Non Class Skill Changes/Additions
> Chance to cast(CTC) skills are relatively underwhelming, or useless, due to missing synergies. Thus many CTC skills were cloned, given new skill curves, and have slightly altered visuals.

- <ins>Winter's Pulse:</ins> Cloned Frost nova with a damage curve of 100-150 cold damage per level
  - Visual slightly darker blue than normal Frost Nova 
- <ins>Empowering Flame:</ins> Cloned Enchant a damage curve of 500-1000 Fire damage per level
- <ins>Storm Shard:</ins> Cloned Charged Bolt with a damage curve of 50-100 lightning damage per level and 1 bolts + 1 per level with a cap of 20 bolts
  - A gold/yellow shine added to the bolts
- <ins>Storm Pulse:</ins> Cloned Nova with a damage curve of 100-150 lightning damage per level
  - Now uses a red electric nova
- <ins>Blightburst:</ins> Cloned Poison Nova with a damage curve of 1000-2000 poison damage over 2 seconds per level
  - Re-colored a murkier green/yellow/brown ish color
- <ins>Spine Piercer:</ins> Cloned Bone Spear with a damage curve of 500-1000 Physical damage per level
  - The circles trailing the spear are color shifted to red
- <ins>Star of Bethlehem:</ins> Cloned Fist of the Heavens with a damage curve of 2000-5000 lightning damage for the initial hit and 1000-2000 lightning damage for the spawned bolts ( spawns 6 bolts)
- <ins>Hailstorm:</ins> Cloned Blizzard damage curve of 1000-2000 Cold damage per level
  - Projectile changed into all ice bolts and is a darker blue
  - Radius increased from 7 -> 10
  - Missile spawn rate increased from 4 -> 2 (less is more)
- <ins>Infernal Orb:</ins> Cloned Fireball with a damage curve of 1000-1500 Fire damage per level spawning 3 projectiles
- <ins>Cinderstorm:</ins> Cloned Firestorm with a damage curve of 500-1000 fire damage per level
- <ins>Starfall:</ins> Cloned Meteor with a damage curve of 500-1000 Fire damage per level
- <ins>Comet:</ins> Cloned Meteor with a damage of 500-1000 Cold damage per level
  - Colored blue because chilly
- <ins>Scorchveil:</ins> Cloned Firewall with a damage curve of 500-500 fire damage per level
- <ins>Arc:</ins> Cloned Chain Lightning with a damage curve of 200-500 lightning damage per level
- <ins>Dust Devils:</ins> Cloned Twister with a damage curve of 500-1000 physical damage per level

## Class Changes

## Amazon

- Matched Xbow attack frame data to 2HT frames.

#### Magic Arrow
- Increased Curve 4 and 5.
- Added 10% Strafe magic damage synergy.
- Conversion removed.
- Added projectile count to tooltip.

#### Fire Arrow
- Increased Curve 4 and 5.
- Decreased synergy to 9% from 12%.
- Added Meteoric Arrow as synergy.
- Conversion removed.
- Added projectile count to tooltip.

#### Critical Strike
- 5+1% per level + 1% per every 2 levels post level 25.
    - Base points increase this bonus by 2% per point.

#### Jab
- Synergy increased to 10% from 6%.

#### Cold Arrow
- Increased Curve 4 and 5.
- Decreased synergy to 10% from 12%.
- Added Glacial Orb Arrow as synergy.
- Conversion removed.
- Added projectile count to tooltip.

#### Multiple Shot
- Guided Arrow synergy returned to default 12% from 9%.
- Reduced Multiple Shot Arrow/Bolt to 75% from 100% source damage.
    - This basically removes the change I made previously which allowed for ridiculously high elemental damage scaling as enchant has been nerfed. Also knocks out leech multiplier.
- Removed extra unused calculation left from previous PR.

#### Dodge & Avoid (Renamed from Dodge)
- Combined the melee and missile avoid while attacking and standing still into one passive.
- 5+1% per level + 1% per every 3 levels post level 25.
    - Base points increase this bonus by 2% per point.

#### Toxic Whirl (Renamed from Power Strike)
- Spear and Javelin melee strike with a poison AOE swirly effect.
- Strike deals source damage and poison; missile does not carry source damage.
- Required level increased to 12.
- Synergy with Poison and Plague Javelin but no prerequisite.

#### Poison Javelin
- Altered synergies to add in Toxic Whirl without changing overall DPS.

#### Exploding Arrow
- Increased Curve 4 and 5.
- Decreased synergy to 8% from 14%.
- Added Meteoric Arrow as synergy.
- Removed Multiple Shot prerequisite.
- Gains 1 additional projectile per 10 base points.

#### Elemental Covenant (Renamed from Avoid)
> Self-only Aura that reduces your maximum elemental resistances and increases your elemental pierce.

- Requires level 30.
- Starts at 6% pierce and caps at -102% at base 25 bonus 75 (total 100). Grows 1% per level until 25, then 1% per 2 levels afterwards. Base points increase the bonus by 2% per base point.
    - Level 100 with no base points is only around 65%.
- -10% All Maximum Resistances starting and grows by -1% with bonus levels up to a max of -35.
    - Base levels decrease to or maintain this penalty at -10%.

> Penetrate having the permanent bonus of additional pierce was boring and I wanted to combine dodge and avoid so I needed to dream up something to replace them, this is the result.

#### Impale
- Required level increased to 18 from 12.

#### Lightning Bolt
- Lightning conversion reduced to 50% from 100%.
- Added Attack Rating scaling.
- Lightning also strikes a target when hit (will cast on further out enemies also if the initial is pierced) that does a small AOE after a short delay (0.5 seconds for the cool visuals).
- Gains 1 additional projectile for 25 hard points in Lightning Fury and Charged Strike.
- Synergy reduced to 2% from 3% due to rework.
- Synergy with Lightning Strike, Charged Strike, Lightning Fury.

#### Freezing Arrow
- Required level moved to 18 (formerly Ice Arrow).
- Increased Curve 4 and 5.
- Decreased synergy to 9% from 12%.
- Added Glacial Orb Arrow as a synergy.
- Gains 1 additional projectile per 10 base points.

#### Guided Arrow
- Removed Cold Arrow prerequisite.
- Removed extra formula.

#### Penetrate
- Removed elemental pierce.
- Required level decreased to 12 from 18.

> Want to revisit this as an addition to Critical Strike or Pierce eventually and then do something else with 1 of them.

#### Charged Strike
- Required level increased to 30 from 18.
- Prerequisite changed to Lightning Strike only.
- Lightning Strike, Bolt, and Fury as synergies.
- Added Attack Rating scaling.
- Added source damage so it can leech, CB, CTC, OW, etc. on hit more reliably, but missile is still skill lightning damage only.

> Want to revisit if needed in the future to potentially alter projectile growth. Left alone for now due to LS buffs.

#### Plague Javelin
- Changed prerequisite to Poison Javelin.
- Added Toxic Whirl synergy and adjusted so damage is unchanged.
- Removed length growth and made it a flat 6 seconds.

#### Strafe
- Added magic damage per level growth and Magic Arrow synergy for the magic damage.

#### Meteoric Arrow (Renamed from Immolation Arrow)
- Reworked, now casts Meteor on hit instead of random ground fire thing.
- Adjusted damage curves for new ability.
- Adjusted synergy to 8%.
- Meteor hit deals weapon damage, but the explosion and the fire DoT do not.
- Meteors will cast multiple times if the arrow pierces enemies.

#### Titans Covenant (Renamed from Dopplezon/Decoy)
> Reworked because Decoy is so buggy. Self-only aura that reduces movement speed, attack speed, and physical damage reduction in exchange for increased global physical damage and crushing blow.

- Requires level 30.
- FRW and IAS range of -25% to -50%.
    - Soft points increase (cap -50%).
    - Hard points decrease (can't go under -25%).
- PDR penalty range of -10% to -25%.
    - Soft points increase the penalty (can't go above -25%).
    - Hard points reduce it (can't go under -10%).
- Global Damage Bonus is current 5% base with a 1% growth per base level and 1% growth per 2 soft levels excluding base levels. Results in a cap of around 67% global physical damage at level 100 with 25 base points.
- Gains 1% Crushing Blow per 4 base/soft points to a cap of 25%.

#### Evade
- 5+1% per level + 1% per every 3 levels post level 25.
    - Base points increase this bonus by 2% per point.

#### Fend
> Reworked to do an AOE sporadic missile that hits enemies closest to where it spawns from, gives bonus defense in exchange for entirely disabling chance to block if wearing a shield so that while usable with jav/shield it encourages spear use.

- Required level increased to 30.
- Grants base 5% defense +1% per level for a second on use and disables block for that duration.
- Due to the use of slam_state for synergy for missile damage, the character sheet display is correct on idle and inflated on use.
- Damage synergy lowered to 4% due to the nature of the rework.
- Spawns around 6-8 missiles on striking.

#### Glacial Orb Arrow (Renamed from Ice Arrow)
- Required level moved to 30 (formerly Freezing Arrow).
- Shoots an arrow that hits an enemy and spawns an orb that then spawns 4 Frost Novae rapidly and randomly around it.
- Initial shot does weapon damage and carries weapon effects; subsequent novae deal 100% cold converted damage.
- Adjusted curve for rework.
- Adjusted synergy to 9% for rework. Synergies are Cold and Freezing Arrow.

#### Valkyrie
- Any synergy relying upon Dopplezon (Decoy) are now self-synergies.

#### Pierce
- Required level decreased to 24 from 30.
- 5+1% per level + 1% per every 2 levels post level 25.
    - Base points increase this bonus by 2% per point.

#### Lightning Strike
- Required level decreased to 24 from 30.
- Removed prerequisite.
- Target jump radius increased to 22 from 20.
- Added source damage for leech, CB, CTC, OW, etc., but resulting missile is still only skill lightning damage.
- Adjusted jumps from 3 + 1 per level to 3 + 1 per 5 levels.
- Increased Curve 4 and 5.
- Increased synergy to 12% from 11%.
- Synergy: Charged Strike, Lightning Bolt, Lightning Fury.

> Overall damage buff while reducing the level requirement and toning down the travel range; if this skill doesn't see more use then it and CS can be revisited.

#### Lightning Fury
- 3 bolts to begin, adds 1 every 4 to a max of 24 instead of 3 + 1 per level with no cap.
- Target search radius reduced to 12 from 15.
- Added Attack Rating scaling.
- Removed Power Strike as synergy due to rework; this also results in a damage nerf as nothing was added in compensation.

> If this cripples the skill I will revisit and adjust the damage to bring it back into usability but testing shows that it feels the same in the end game and results in being less instantly OP in the mid to late game.

## Assassin

> Trap reworks and some pre-req adjustments. Trapsin felt pretty lackluster so I basically went ham and reworked some of her less useful skills into cold traps so she has more elemental variety in her traps.

#### Fire Blast
- Increased radius from 5 to 7.
- Increased damage curve at all stages.
- Increased synergy from 11% to 20% (synergizes with Wake of Fire Sentry and Flameburst Sentry).
- Adjusted mana cost so it is cheaper to cast (2 + 0.25/lvl).

#### Ice Barrage (Renamed from Psychic Hammer)
- Moved to Trap tree.
- Works like Fire Blast but gets multiple projectiles and releases a Frost Nova on impact.

#### Shock Web
- Removed cast delay.
- Adjusted spikes synergies so they are all built-in (+1 projectile per base 3 levels).
- Adjusted mana cost so it is cheaper to cast (2 + 0.25/lvl).
- Increased damage curve at all stages.
- Increased synergy from 17% to 20% (synergizes with Charged Bolt Sentry and Lightning Sentry).

#### Blade Sentinel, Blade Fury, and Blade Shield
- Moved to Shadow tree.

#### Charged Bolt Sentry
- Now shoots much faster.
- Bolt increases were all baked into the levels instead of synergies (5 bolts + 1 bolt per 5 levels).
- Increased damage curve at all stages.
- Increased synergy from 9% to 15% (synergizes with Fire Blast and Flameburst Sentry).
- Adjusted mana cost so it is cheaper to cast (3 + 0.5/lvl).
- Now shoots 5 times + 1 per 5 base levels.

#### Wake of Fire Sentry
- Fire wave no longer has a scaling per level travel length, now moves faster at all levels.
- Adjusted mana cost so it is cheaper to cast (3 + 0.5/lvl).
- Increased damage curve at all stages.
- Increased synergy from 10% to 20% (synergizes with Fire Blast and Flameburst Sentry).
- Now shoots 5 times + 1 per 5 base levels.

#### Weapon Block
- Changed diminishing return so it starts at 10% block for the first level.
- Now receives +50 defense baseline + 10 per level.

#### Snowlash Sentry (Renamed from Cloak of Shadows)
- Moved to Trap tree, requires Ice Barrage.
- Shoots 3 ice bolts that can split and ricochet off enemies and walls once.
- Synergizes with Ice Barrage and Glacial Vortex Sentry.

#### Lightning Sentry
- Now shoots a chain lightning projectile instead of a single lightning beam.
- Chains 10 times.
- Now shoots 5 times + 1 per 5 base levels.
- Adjusted mana cost so it is cheaper to cast (6 + 0.5/lvl).
- Increased damage curve at all stages.
- Decreased synergy from 18% to 15% (synergizes with Shock Web and Charged Bolt Sentry).

#### Flameburst Sentry (Renamed from Inferno Sentry)
- Now shoots a nova of firebolts that seek out nearby enemies.
- Adjusted mana cost so it is cheaper to cast (6 + 0.5/lvl).
- Increased damage curve at all stages.
- Decreased synergy from 18% to 15% (synergizes with Fire Blast and Flameburst Sentry).
- Now shoots 5 times + 1 per 5 base levels.

#### Glacial Vortex Sentry (Renamed from Mind Blast)
- Moved to Trap tree, requires Snowlash Sentry.
- Launches glacial spikes in a helix (think Blessed Hammers).
- Synergizes with Ice Barrage and Snowlash Sentry.
- Now shoots 5 times + 1 per 5 base levels.

#### Death Sentry
- Reworked from the ground up, no longer casts lightning and corpse explosion.
- Now shoots a ring of magic skulls that collapse in on itself.
- Synergizes with all trap skills.
- Now shoots 5 times + 1 per 5 base levels.
- Mana cost changed from 20 at all levels to 10 + 0.5/lvl.

#### Blade Fury
- Updated Blade Fury to properly bounce from 1 enemy to another or 1 enemy to a wall and back instead of from 1 enemy to 2 to 4.
- Blade Fury missile growth is now minimum 2 + 1 every 8 levels starting at level 16.

#### Shadow Masters
- Now inherit fire/lightning skill damage and -enemy fire/lightning resist stats.

#### Fade
> Fade prebuff gave you up to 90% curse length reduction and 75% all res. Lowering that to 50% for both.

- Diminishing returns max for curse reduction and all res changed to 50%.

## Barbarian

#### Unstoppable Force
- Increased Hit Delay to nerf multi-hit slightly.
- % Damage per level 16-25 down to 8% from 10%.
- % Damage per level 26+ down to 11% from 15%.
- Synergy down to 8% from 10%.

#### Winter's Gambit
- Lowered range and search range slightly for a better feel for aiming.
- Updated base missiles count from 2 to 3.

#### Chasm Break
- Reduced life steal efficiency for skill to 10%.
- Reduced initial weapon damage from 75% to 62%.
- Character sheet reflects weapon damage alone until synergies are applied on throw.

#### Carnage
> Improved overall feel of the skill as there is a much more immediate impact instead of the 1.5-2s delay from swing to spike re-target and damage dealing. Updated visuals give a much better idea of what the skill is doing and where the damage is coming from, and it just looks even cooler.

- Tornado is still visual only and spawns on swing.
- Spikes spawn on weapon swing instead of after tornado animation finishes.
    - Spikes updated visually with red glow to make it much more apparent what the skill is doing.
- Swing is full weapon damage.
- Spikes are still half weapon damage.
- Carnage is no longer able to be used when shapeshifted.
- Reduced life steal efficiency for skill to 10%.

#### Battle Orders
> BO HP buff stacking with all the other available HP% buffs and the increased life gained through the mod meant it provided an extraordinary amount of life in some cases.

- HP/Mana/Stamina baseline changed from 35% to 10%.
- HP/Mana/Stamina per level changed from 3% at all levels to 5% per base level and 1% per soft level.

#### Iron Skin
- Defense% baseline changed from 30% to 10%.
- Defense% per level changed from 10% at all levels to 10% per base level and 3% per soft level.

#### Natural Resistance
- Diminishing returns max decreased from 80% to 50%.

#### Melee Mastery
> Melee mastery provides a ton of damage% and attack rating% as well as crit chance. Due to how the diminishing returns formula works, you hit near max crit chance after only a few levels. This change incentivizes Barbarians to put points into it (if you were melee you already did), and limits its full power as an oskill.

- Crit chance changed from diminishing returns up to 35% to 10% baseline + 1% per base level.

#### Shout
- Changed from 100% base Defense and 10%/lvl to 50% base and 5% per level.

#### Battle Cry
- Capped lowering enemy damage to 50%.
- Removed Battle Cry from being castable while shifted.

#### Tectonic Slam
- Removed Tectonic Slam from being castable while shifted.
- Checks AR for missile hits.
- Life steal added to skill at 10% efficiency.
- Increased travel speed slightly.
- Fixed multiple hitting bug (maybe).

#### War Cry
- Removed Stun length from War Cry skill description.

#### Howl
- Removed initiate frame since missile is so fast it causes it to miss initial target sometimes.

#### Whirlwind
- Damage scaling per level increased to 10% from 5%.
- Synergy increased to 5% from 4%.

## Druid

#### All Elemental Tree Skills
- Boosted curve 4 and 5 damage by an average 20% or so to facilitate more impactful end game feel of spells.

#### Lycanthropy
> Lycanthropy provided significantly too much HP% from all levels. Adding a few other benefits for putting base levels in Lycanthropy for each shift form too.

- HP% changed from 20 + 5% per level to: 5% from base levels and 1% from soft levels.

#### Werewolf
> Attack rating% is everywhere and attack rating should be a mechanic you don't forget exists.

- Baseline HP% lowered from 25% to 10%.
- Attack rating baseline lowered from 50 to 10.
- Attack rating gained per level lowered from 15% to 3%.
- New synergy with Lycanthropy:
    - +1% chance to dodge melee and missile attacks while attacking/standing still per 2 levels.

#### Werebear
> The sheer damage% and defense% this provided was a little silly. For example, at level 50 it provided 805% damage and 540% defense. Now it provides a more reasonable 395% and 225%.

- Baseline HP% lowered from 75% to 50%.
- Damage% baseline lowered from 55% to 20%.
- Damage per level changed from 15% at all levels to 10% per base level and 5% per soft level.
- Defense% baseline increased from 40% to 50%.
- Defense% per level changed from 10% at all levels to 5% per base level and 2% per soft level.
- New synergy with Lycanthropy:
    - +5% Physical damage reduction per 8 levels.

#### Summon Spirit Wolf
- Adjusted synergies to accept the cold spells or other summons up to a max of 100 for Zoo viability.
- Adjusted damage curves to round out the early and end game better.

#### Summon Dire Wolf
- Adjusted synergies to accept the fire spells or other summons up to a max of 100 for Zoo viability.
- Adjusted damage curves to round out the early and end game better.

#### Summon Grizzly
- Adjusted synergies to accept the physical shapeshifting spells or other summons up to a max of 100 for Zoo viability.
- Adjusted damage curves to round out the early and end game better.

#### Polar Bear
- New synergy with Lycanthropy:
    - +5% Physical damage reduction per 8 levels.
- Damage% baseline lowered from 55% to 20%.
- Damage% per level to 10%.
- Defense% baseline to 50.
- Defense% per level to 5.
- HP baseline to 50%.

#### Shockwave (Now an attack-based skill)
- AR Check for Missile Hits.
- Uses Attack Speed Breakpoints.
- Gains 10% synergy from Maul.
- Has updated missile.
- Requires Bear/Polar Bear.

## Necromancer

#### Corpse Field (Renamed from Confuse Curse)
- Spawns corpses.
- 3 base, +1 per 5 levels.
- 5s cooldown base, -1s per 12 levels.
- Spawns a 1 HP mob with no treasure class; cannot be revived and is useless for Corpse Explosion.
- Replaced Confuse on items with Attract.

#### Clay Golem
- Slow changed from 0-75% diminishing returns to 25% at all levels.
- Base weapon damage from Golem Mastery increased from 2 to 3.

#### Blood Golem
- Changed Life After Each Kill to 3 base + 1 per 3 levels.
- Base weapon damage from Golem Mastery increased from 3 to 5.

#### Fire Golem
- Now has built-in 50% splash damage but a global damage penalty of 40% on Normal, 20% on Nightmare, and 0% penalty in Hell.
- Now has a fire damage synergy with Golem Mastery for its base attack.
- Now inherits the players fire mastery and fire pierce

#### Life Tap
- Changed to 1% leech per base point + 1% per 5 levels.

#### Poison Volley
- Extra projectiles are now gained through self levels instead of synergies (1 per 6 levels up to a max of 5 projectiles).

#### Raise Skeletal Mage
- Gains elemental pierce from Summon Resist passive.
- 5% base, 1% per hard point, 1% per 2 soft points.

#### Bone Spear
- Energy synergy changed from 1% per 1 Energy to 1% per 2 Energy.

#### Revives
> Buffed their damage quite a bit, but capped them to compensate as they are kinda derpy and just stupid meat shields.

- Pet maximum is now 5 baseline +1 per 5 base levels.
- No longer receive bonus life from Skeleton Mastery; now have a baseline 100% bonus life.
- Now gain 8 base weapon damage per Skeleton Mastery level.
- Now gain 4 base weapon damage per Revive skill level.

## Paladin

#### Thorns Aura
- Flat thorns increased greatly at the 29+ curve.
- Increased flat amount by 1% per character level.

#### Holy Freeze Aura
- Adjusted Holy Freeze attack rate slow from diminishing returns 25-60 to 5 + 1/lvl with a max of 50.
- Re-added the minor movement debuff.

#### Vengeance
- Reworked so it is based on weapon damage.
- Does a physical hit and spawns 3 projectiles that circle with a few frames of delay between them, adding an additional 25% of weapon damage as fire, cold, and lightning.
- Initial hit carries all weapon effects.
- Spawned projectiles do not.

#### Holy Shield
> Holy Shield oskill and visual was fixed for all other classes. Reducing its effectiveness by reducing defense% gained from +soft levels.

- Defense% per level changed from 15% at all levels to 15% per base level and 3% per soft level.

#### Conviction
- Retuned so that its base is 30 + 1 per level until 25, then it gains 1 per 2 levels after.
- Base points increase -resistance bonus by ~5% per point.
- Defense reduction spread from 0-100 instead of 40-100.

#### Charge
- Animation reverted to vanilla.

## Sorceress

#### Cold Skills
- **Frost Nova**: Starting mana cost down to 5 and increase down to 0.7 per level.
- **Ice Blast**: Damage curve down for levels 2-23 by 4 per level; damage curve up for levels 29+ by 5 per level.
- **Glacial Spike**: Damage curve down for levels 2-23 by 4 per level; damage curve up for levels 29+ by 4 per level.
- **Frozen Orb**: Damage curve down for levels 2-23 by 4 per level; damage curve up for levels 29+ by 4 per level.

#### Lightning Skills
- **Nova**: Starting mana cost down to 5 and increase down to 0.7 per level.
- Damage curve down for levels 2-23 by 2 per level; damage curve up for levels 29+ by 2 per level.

#### Fire Skills
- **Fire Ball**: Damage curve down for levels 2-23 by 4 per level; damage curve up for levels 29+ by 4 per level.
- **Firewall**: Reduced missile overlap introduced in 2.1.0.
- **Hydra**: Damage curve down for levels 2-23 by 2 per level; damage curve up for levels 29+ by 3 per level.

## Warlock
- Added into the mod
- Icons colorized

## Quality of Life (QoL)

- Improved "Warp" skill translations.
- Overhaul of zhCN and zhTW translations.
- Added additional text to Orb of Corruption to make it clear you need to transmute twice.
- Added vanilla Cow Portal recipe back as an option.
- Reimagined Cow Portal recipe is still just Wirt's Leg.
    - Now returns Wirt's Leg after opening the cow portal.
    - You still need the correct Wirt's Leg for each difficulty.
- Thorns damage now works against ranged attacks instead of just melee.
- XP, MF, and Sunder potions duration increased to 2 minutes (up from 30 seconds).
- Added staff mods to all Assassin weapons.
- Updated the positioning of the Beacon and Soulstone sprites to fit within the inventory boxes correctly.
- Many UI and menu updates.
- Added animation references to all classes for Whirlwind and Zeal (except for Warlock).
- Cleaned up and unified Druid and Necromancer summoning tooltips so you can always look for the stats in the same position.
- Added movement speed variance to Druid pets to help with stacking less.

## Missiles and Conversion

> Fixed tsnova visual and cleaned up missiles.txt and skills that had random etypes or conversion values so if we decide to use physical to magic conversion to combat the leech problem it will be simple to go back and make alterations.

## Misc Files

Skill tree updates for prerequisite changes and skill re-ordering, visuals for the two new auras, icons for the new/reworked skills.
- Replaced Avoid with Dodge (Dodge & Avoid) on items.
- Replaced Dopplezon (Decoy) with Valkyrie on items.

### Charm Weight
- Fixed automagic, skills properties, and the armor/weapons so that the weight system no longer applies a minimum level requirement of 7 to items.
> This also solves the problem with level 6 spells being usable at level 1 and level 12 usable at level 6.

### Skill Gold Cost Affect
- Skills no longer have much effect on the cost, sell price, or repair price of items, with the exception of Teleport, which will still be substantial.
> This solves infinite gambling and gives incentive to use charged items more by not being so expensive to repair (with the exception of Teleport). We'll revise gold and make adjustments until it feels good without the infinite gambling.

- Teleport is unaffected by this change; it will still cost a substantial amount.

### Base Item Changes
- Bone Knife and Mithril Point socket count increased from 1 to 2.

## Armor base changes
- Dexterity requirement added to circlets(40), coronets(50), tiaras(60), and diadems(80)

## Weapon base changes
- Sockets added to throwing weapons
  - <ins>1 Socket: </ins>
    - Throwing Knife
    - Throwing Axe
    - Balanced Knife 
  - <ins>2 Sockets:</ins>
    - Balanced Axe
    - Javelin
    - Pilum
    - Short Spear
    - Glaive
    - Throwing Spear
    - Battle Dart
    - Francisca
    - War Dart
    - Hurlbat
    - War Javelin
    - Great Pilum
    - Simbilan
    - Spiculum
    - Harpoon
    - Flying Knife
    - Flying Axe
    - Winged Axe
    - Maiden Javelin
    - Ceremonial Javelin
  - <ins>3 Sockets:</ins>
    - Winged Axe
    - Hyperion Javelin
    - Stygian Pilum
    - Balrog Spear
    - Ghost Glaive
    - Winged Harpoon
    - Matriarchal Javelin 


## Monster Changes

- Cows' velocity and run speed increased by 60%.
> Loot piñatas made a bit more deadly.

- All monsters whose drain multiplier was 100% have been reduced to 85% in NM.
- All monsters whose drain multiplier was 76% or higher have had that multiplier reduced to 75% in Hell.
- Mephisto, Duriel, and Diablo normalized to 100/50/25 across Normal, NM, and Hell; this adds a minor amount of leech to Mephisto and Diablo in Hell.
- Vampire monsters (including Trang-Oul's set) now use Necromancer frame breakpoints for FCR, FBR, and FHR.

## Leech Changes

> Goal: Bop leech across the nose. While it should sustain you in a fight, it shouldn't let you stand in the middle of a group of enemies with no defenses and heal through their damage.

- Normal divisor increased to 2 from 1.
- NM divisor increased to 4 from 2.
- Hell divisor increased to 8 from 3.

## Cube Recipe Changes

- Uber Unique Stat Reroll recipe now works with Set items as well.

### Corruption Changes
- Deadly Strike/Crushing Blow combo corruption on gloves lowered from 10/10 to 5/5.
- Deadly Strike/Crushing Blow combo corruption on weapons lowered from 25/25 to 10/10.
- Enhanced Damage% corruptions changed from 120% to 50%.
- Extra elemental damage and -enemy res corruptions reduced from 10% to 5%.

### Crafting Changes
> Dialing back some of the %ele crafts a bit.

- Amulet craft: from +2 all skill & 10-15% all ele% dmg to +2 all skill & 10% all ele% dmg.
- Ring craft: from +1 all skill & 8-10% to +1 all skill & 5% all ele% dmg.
- Belt craft: from +1 all skill & 8-10% to +1 all skill & 5-10% all ele% dmg.
- Fixed crafted gloves all ele% craft: now has its proper range of 5-10% instead of 10-10%.
- Crafted gloves: from +1 all skills & 20-40 weapon damage & 0.375 Crushing Blow/lvl to +1 all skills & 20-40 weapon damage & 0.125 Crushing Blow/lvl.\
- The +1all Grand Charm craft is disabled until the new endgame is in place as it will be locked behind it

## Enchantment Changes
> Dialing a few key stats back on enchantments.

- **Amulet**: Flat life/LPK from 75/8 to 50/6; flat mana/MPK from 75/8 to 50/6.
- **Ring**: Flat life/LPK from 50/4 to 30/3; flat mana/MPK from 50/4 to 30/3.
- **Belt**: Flat mana/MPK from 50/4 to 30/3; flat life/LPK from 50/4 to 30/3; flat life/mana/defense% from 150/150/100% to 50/50/50%.
    > The mana could not be stacked multiple times as there is an itemstat limit per item; also combo affixes shouldn't be that high.
- **Boots**: Flat mana/MPK from 50/3 to 30/3; flat life/LPK from 50/4 to 30/3.
- **Gloves**: Flat mana/MPK from 50/4 to 30/3; flat life/LPK from 50/8 to 30/3; 6% Crushing Blow to 3%; 6% Deadly Strike to 3%; 6% Open Wounds to 3%.
- **Helm**: Flat mana/MPK from 50/4 to 30/3; flat life/LPK from 50/8 to 30/3.
- **Shield**: Flat mana/MPK from 50/3 to 30/3; flat life/LPK from 75/8 to 30/3; from +2 max all res/+3 all res to +1 max all res/+3 all res.
- **Chest**: Flat mana/MPK from 50/4 to 30/3; flat life from 75/6 to 30/3; % absorb for each element lowered from 4% to 2%; +2 max all res/+5 all res to +1 max all res/+5 all res.
- **Weapon**:
    - +25% Enhanced Damage & 25 Attack Rating decreased to +15% Enhanced Damage & 15 Attack Rating.
    - +50% Enhanced Damage & 50 Attack Rating decreased to +30% Enhanced Damage & 30 Attack Rating.
    - +50% Enhanced Damage & 50 Attack Rating & Knockback decreased to +30% Enhanced Damage & 30 Attack Rating & Knockback.
    - +10% Open Wounds & 50 Attack Rating removed.
    - +10% Crushing Blow & 50 Attack Rating removed.
    - +10% Deadly Strike & 50 Attack Rating removed.
    - +4% Fire skill damage & +4% enemy fire res to 2%/2%.
    - +4% Cold skill damage & +4% enemy cold res to 2%/2%.
    - +4% Lightning skill damage & +4% enemy lightning res to 2%/2%.
    - +4% Poison skill damage & +4% enemy poison res to 2%/2%.
    - added 2% Magic Skill Damage & -2% to enemy magic resist enchant

## Miscellaneous (Misc)

- Update Terror Zone (TZ) Rotation to remove Stony Field/Tristram from Act 1 and add it to Act 4; added Tamoe Highland and Outer Cloister to Act 1 (maintaining a 24-zone limit).
- Adjusted +cold/fire/light/poison/magic skills property to use func 3 to fix it sometimes giving the improper value when being set with a range.
- Nightmare resistance penalty increased to -60% (from -40%), making it half of the Hell penalty.
- Removed restriction limitation from Cow King transformation.
- Fixed various skills not being flagged for use in town for consistency.


## Uber Charms
- Removed red text from Uber Charms.
> Red text is historically reserved for being unable to use an item. It was added for flavor but generated too many questions.



## Bug Fixes

- Fixed Swift Descent spelling.
- Fixed Tyrael's spelling (was Tyrial's).
- Fixed Charged Bolt Sentry synergy tooltip.
- Fixed Eaglehorn Raven CTC.
- Fixed Dire Wolf to show fire damage.
- Fixed Act 5 Normal Baal Wave 2 minion poison immunity.
- Fixed missing string for Cain's Gibbet.
- Fixed Solar Vines missile from causing crashes.
- Fixed Summon Grizzly gaining 2x more damage multiplier than it should.
- Fixed the two vines so they attack more often and more reliably.
- Fixed Carrion Vine not consuming corpses to generate mana.
- Fixed Solar Vines to display the correct damage type and estimate.
